thank you daddy brand for sponsoring our
CES 2018 content check out there are six
skins and the link down below
and speaking of SiC we're here at
verdaguer they have their awesome chairs
you guys probably know of them already
they can go left and right they can go
up and down they can go all the way back
there just catches me out every time but
it worked it's fine they support even me
which is actually a good sign
but what's new here today is the RGB
lighting powered by NZXT cam software so
you can control it on your desktop and
it wirelessly connects to the chair it's
all nicely done it has charging through
the back with a breakaway cable so if
you're like running if you're away from
your computer and suddenly you have to
be like oh my god this squads on
counter-strike you can jump into your
care chair hit colton while you're doing
it the cable will break away and you
don't have to worry about the cable
breaking you have to worry about the
chair breaking everything is fine you
can charge your chair that way but if
you do happen to forget to plug in that
super fancy cable you can just swap in
for more 18 650 batteries the same ones
in your vape if you're into that so you
might have a few around those could be
externally rechargeable you could have
an extra set waiting just in case you
forget to plug it in and then you would
be good to go again just through this
nice little simple port on the back the
batteries would go in there in terms of
lighting modes it is powered by cam
software like I previously mentioned so
you have all your standard RGB lighting
modes as you can see here we're just
cycling through a bunch of colors so
it's also breathing and everything else
you would expect from an RGB product but
then they also have a really cool
counterstrike mode which we aren't
currently displaying but you'll be
seeing through b-roll it shows stuff
like when you die it's red if you're at
full health it's green and it gradients
all the way through to paying on what
health percentage you're at if you are
flash banged it'll go white if you stand
in smoke it'll go gray if the bomb is
currently ticking it will go yellow and
tick with the bomb and then when it's 10
seconds left in the bomb it'll go red
and tick with the bomb still which is
actually a really cool feature so at
this point in time I don't know what it
will cost I don't know if it will show
up as an upgrade kit or if it will be
natively in the chairs or possibly both
we'll have to find out at a later date
another thing that they launched here
was coffee fibre material for headrests
and lumbar support cushions as long with
an entire chair if you decide to get the
one that I'm sitting in right now what
the heck is coffee fiber material well
it's actually a synthetic material
with coffee fiber layered on top of it
and what this does is it absorbs odors
it dries faster so if you get a little
sweaty when you're sitting in your chair
it will absorb that and dry that much
more quickly which is cool it's common
in sportswear and clothes because of
again odors and whatnot and it's good
because if you think about what is
currently sitting on your chair
absorbing those odors it's probably a
good idea
also the vertigo your logos on these
things it's a silver coated threading so
that will also kill 99% of germs and
bacteria which is great so if you're
interested in any of the stuff that we
talked about here today the RGB the
coffee fiber whatever keep an eye out at
verdaguer comm they'll be launching
their products there and also thank you
to Dee Brandt for sponsoring this video
and all of our CES 2018 content they
have awesome 3m vinyl skins I can go on
your phone your laptop many other
devices as well be sure to check out
their website at D brand comm forward
slash CES 2018 there we go they have a
bunch of different textured stuff like
their dragon skin or their wood and they
even have marble finishes as well it
looks awesome and it also protects your
device from scratches or dents which is
cool it's not quite a case but they also
have those if you're interested as well
again check it out D brand calm forward
slash CES 2018 and yeah if you liked the
video like it he just liked the video
dislike it safe subscribe so you can see
all of our content at CES this year I am
sure there will be lots of our GB
lighting so if you're into that keep
watching I'll see you next time